Clarify image pull secret documentation (#48718)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry.md

  ...  FailedToRetrieveImagePullSecret  ...  Unable to retrieve some image pull secrets (<regcred>); attempting to pull the image may not succeed.
```

## Using images from multiple registries

A pod can have multiple containers, each container image can be from a different registry.

> You can use multiple pull secrets with one pod, and pull secrets can contain multiple credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use multiple `imagePullSecrets` with one pod, and each can contain multiple credentials.
```
given that `imagePullSecrets` is an object field, I think according to the [style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-code-style-for-object-field-names-and-namespaces), we should code style and camel case that.

The image pull will be attempted using each credential that matches the registry.

> If no credentials match the registry, the image pull will be attempted without authorization.

Reviewer 2: Technically runtimes can be configured to auth against registries without Kubernetes being aware of it. I think mentioning it should be sufficient, like:

```suggestion
If no credentials match the registry, the image pull will be attempted without authorization or
custom runtime specific configuration.
```

Author: Added.

I was trying to stay away from the other mechanisms in this section to not confuse things, but I guess there are related links for people to look at for more detail.
